Rename RAZZLE_TESTING_ADDONS environment variables (#3067)
plone/volto: docs/source/configuration/environmentvariables.md

#### Internationalization errors (i18n)

It will enable the log of missing i18n messages (in console).

> ### Add addons via environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add add-ons via environment variable
```

> Quite often, you need different configurations and enabling components (eg. for testing purposes). You can use the `ADDONS` environment variable to define them. They sum up to the ones set in `package.json` or programatically in `volto.config.js`. You can specify released (published) packages (installed previously in your environment, and present already in node_modules), or "packages" folder local to your project (not in development, but optional, eg. Volto's testing packages).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quite often, you need different configurations and enabling components (for example, testing purposes).
You can use the `ADDONS` environment variable to define them.
They sum up to the ones set in `package.json` or programatically in `volto.config.js`.
You can specify released (published) packages (installed previously in your environment, and present already in `node_modules`), or `packages` folder local to your project (not in development, but optional, for example, Volto's testing packages).
```

This last sentence is difficult to comprehend with too many parenthetical statements. Would you please simplify and clarify it?

Author: Will commit the suggestion then think about it a bit more.

```bash
$ ADDONS=test-addon,test-addon2 yarn start

$ yarn add volto-slate
$ ADDONS=volto-slate:asDefault yarn start

> (given a packages folder 'coresandbox')

Reviewer: Should this be a comment, not a bash command?

```suggestion
# given a package folder 'coresandbox'
```

#### Internationalization errors (i18n)

It will enable the log of missing i18n messages (in console).

### Add add-ons via environment variable

> Quite often, you need different configurations and enabling components (for example, testing purposes).

Reviewer 2: Additional add-ons can be added via `ADDONS` environment variable. This sentence is promising more. Correct me if I'm wrong.

Reviewer: The concepts in this paragraph are still not clear to me either. I merely corrected English grammar and syntax, and did not bother with clarity.

Author: How about now?

Reviewer: Sorry, I don't see any changes. Did you push your commits? I also made some suggestions that were not committed.

Author: I committed everything was in https://github.com/plone/volto/pull/3067/commits/b15a8077d2b348e1b51616f252a549d3c37ff9c7

The rewording @ksuess was requesting in https://github.com/plone/volto/pull/3067/commits/11402001c335f2ab1fc9dde776fa0a8f85f6b042

#### Internationalization errors (i18n)

It will enable the log of missing i18n messages (in console).

> ## Add add-ons via the `ADDONS` environment variable

Reviewer 3: "Add" should be replaced with "Use"

Reviewer: Fixed in ea8b7fa88df8c1981a2ef0fbf4bcac0092799923

### Add add-ons via environment variable

You can use the `ADDONS` environment variable to enable and configure add-ons in your project.

> They sum up to the ones set fixed in `package.json` or programatically in `volto.config.js`.

Reviewer: 💡  Now I understand!

```suggestion
They are equivalent to those defined in `package.json`, or set programatically in `volto.config.js`.
```

Author: Nope... not the intention! So the resultant ADDONS are package.json addons key + volto.config.js ones + the ones in the env. variable. How do we state it?

> You can specify released (published) packages (installed previously in your environment, and present already in `node_modules`), or `packages` folder local to your project (not in development, but optional, for example, Volto's testing packages).

Reviewer: This sentence still doesn't make sense to me. Perhaps breaking it into smaller sentences will help me comprehend what you want to say?

Author: I'll try.

> It can be used for temporarily add an add-on to your build, for testing purposes. Also it can be used for enabling a temporary feature or set of customizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be used to temporarily add an add-on to your build for testing purposes.
It can also be used to temporarily enable a feature or a set of customizations.
```

### Add add-ons via environment variable

You can use the `ADDONS` environment variable to enable and configure add-ons in your project.
It can be used to temporarily add an add-on to your build for testing purposes.
It can also be used to temporarily enable a feature or a set of customizations.

> When running your app, the set of add-ons that will be loaded is the union of the add-ons defined in this three locations, in this order:

Reviewer 3: "union of the addons" seems restrictive. Maybe we can implement an export in the volto.config.js, something like modifyAddons? Or maybe the ADDONS env var could work as an "all or nothing", something that would not be added, but would override everything else.

Reviewer: @tiberiuichim yeah, I simplified the wording after looking at @sneridagh's feedback. Please see the latest language in my latest commit.

https://github.com/plone/volto/pull/3067/commits/57488a060599237dbbc4e0a8601eb044e555d220

Author: @tiberiuichim I think that the ADDONS like it's now accomplish the "all or nothing" as well, since optionally you can remove then all your package.json and volto.config.js addons, and only rely on the ADDONS env var. However, a mean to accomplish what you proposed could be also useful (maybe a flag? to state only to add the env var ones?)
